commands - Display all the available commands in the Twitch chat! - useful
followage - By using this command, you can see how long you've been following the streamer for! You can also tag someone like '?followage @user' which will then show how long this user has been following the streamer for. - useful
points - This command will show you how many bot points you have in this Twitch channel! - useful
claim - After using this command, you will have claimed your first 500 bot points. You can obtain more points by chatting in the Twitch chat. - useful
leaderboard - '?leaderboard' will show you the top 3 bot point earners of this channel. - useful
lb - Alias for '?leaderboard'. - useful
poll - Using this command with the necessary parameters will create a poll of 2 minutes. (moderator only) - useful
test - This command can be used right before streaming to check if the bot is working and responding. - useful
rq - The streamer can decide whether they want to receive beatmap requests. This command will then show whether they accept those requests or not. - osu
np - This will display the map that the streamer is currently playing. - osu
nppp - This will make the bot reply with the map the streamer is currently playing, along with the pp values for SS, 99% and 95%. - osu
profile - Show the link to the osu! profile of the streamer! - osu
rank - Make the bot display the streamer's osu! rank in chat! - osu
playcount - This will show the playcount of the streamer. - osu
playtime - Show how much time the streamer wasted playing osu!. - osu
osustats - This command is some other commands combined. It will show the rank, country rank, total pp, playtime and playcount of the streamer. - osu
hydrate - Remind the streamer to drink water! - fun
posture - Make the streamer check their posture. - fun
stretch - Get the streamer to stretch for a second. - fun
owo - This command will return your message after replacing all the l's and r's with w's. This way, 'Hello world' becomes 'Hewwo wowwd'. - fun
mock - Hanging in the same style as 'owo', this command will return your message in SpOnGeBoB cApItAlIzAtIoN. - fun
rps - Play rock, paper, scissors with the bot! If you win, you get 3 points. If you tie with the bot, you gain 1 point. - fun
roll - If you don't specify the maximum, this command will roll a random number between 1 and 100. By specifying the maximum like 'roll 1000', this will roll any number between 1 and the specified number, in this case 1000. - fun
bonk - Redeeming 2500 points, the streamer cannot speak for the next 5 minutes! - redeem
endwith - Redeeming 300 of the user's points, the streamer has to end the stream or current osu! session with the specified map. - redeem
invert - For 250 points, you can make the streamer turn their camera upside-down for 10 minutes. - redeem
zoom - Make the streamer zoom in their camera for 10 minutes for 500 points! - redeem
memecam - Redeeming 500 of the user's points, the streamer has to turn on an effect / filter over their camera for the next 10 minutes. - redeem
gift - You can gift points to another user, if you have enough points to do so. '?gift @KurookamiTV 500' will subtract 500 points from the invoker, and add 500 points to KurookamiTV's total. - redeem
vip - Redeeming 10.000 points, you can claim VIP status on the streamer's Twitch channel! The bot will reply with a message saying this is temporary, but the streamer can, of course, decide theirselves whether this is permanent or not. - redeem
