commands - Show the link to this website in chat! - useful
followage - By using this command, you can see how long you've been following the streamer for! You can also tag someone like '!followage @user' which will then show how long this user has been following the streamer for. - useful
lurk - Let the streamer know you're there, but in the background 🧐 - useful
socials - Display links to other social channels in the chat! These can be: YouTube, TikTok, Discord, Instagram, Twitter / X, or when the streamer prefers this, the link to their Linktree. - useful
youtube - If the streamer has their YouTube linked in the bot, this command will give you this link. Alias: !yt - useful
discord - If the streamer has their Discord server linked in the bot, this command will give you this link. - useful
tiktok - If the streamer has their TikTok linked in the bot, this command will give you this link. - useful
twitter - If the streamer has their Twitter / X linked in the bot, this command will give you this link. - useful
instagram - If the streamer has their Instagram linked in the bot, this command will give you this link. Alias: !insta - useful
linktree - If the streamer has a Linktree or anything that has a similar goal linked in the bot, this command will show you the link. - useful
shoutout - Use this command and tag someone right behind it like '!shoutout @user' to shout out this user's Twitch channel! (mods only) Alias: !so - useful
points - This command will show you how many bot points you have in this Twitch channel. You can also check other people's wallet by throwing in their username behind it! - useful
claim - After using this command, you will have claimed your first 500 bot points. You can obtain more points by chatting in the Twitch chat. - useful
daily - Viewers can chime in on your stream and claim a bonus of 50 points when they invoke this command. - useful
leaderboard - '!leaderboard' will show you the top 3 bot point earners of this channel. Alias: !lb - useful
poll - Using this command with the necessary parameters will create a poll of 2 minutes. (moderator only) - useful
category - Change the streaming category to osu! (mods / streamer only) - osu
ping - This command can be used right before streaming to check if the bot is working and responding. - useful
rq - The streamer can decide whether they want to receive beatmap requests. This command will then show whether they accept those requests or not. - osu
np - This will display the map that the streamer is currently playing. - osu
nppp - This will make the bot reply with the map the streamer is currently playing, along with the pp values for SS, 99% and 95%. - osu
profile - Show the link to the osu! profile of the streamer! You can also get someone else's profile: !profile _Kurookami_ - osu
rank - !rank will show the streamer's rank in chat! You can also provide a username and the bot will search for that user's rank: !rank _Kurookami_ - osu
playcount - This command will show the streamer's playcount! You can also find other users' playcount with !playcount _Kurookami_ - osu
playtime - Calling this command will show how much time the streamer has wasted in this game. Adding a username will find that information for that user: !playtime _Kurookami_ - osu
osustats - This command is basically rank, playtime and playcount combined. You can also call this for another user: !osustats _Kurookami_ - osu
hydrate - Remind the streamer to drink water! Only enabled when the streamer says they're not an Affiliate / Partner. - fun
posture - Make the streamer check their posture. Only enabled when the streamer says they're not an Affiliate / Partner. - fun
stretch - Get the streamer to stretch for a second. Only enabled when the streamer says they're not an Affiliate / Partner. - fun
owo - This command will return your message after replacing all the l's and r's with w's, and replacing all 'th' with 'f'. This way, 'Hello world' becomes 'Hewwo wowwd'. - fun
mock - Hanging in the same style as 'owo', this command will return your message in SpOnGeBoB cApItAlIzAtIoN. - fun
rps - Play rock, paper, scissors with the bot! If you win, you get 15 points. If you tie with the bot, you gain 5 points. - fun
roll - If you don't specify the maximum, this command will roll a random number between 1 and 100. By specifying the maximum like 'roll 1000', this will roll any number between 1 and the specified number, in this case 1000. - fun
rob - Steal a small portion of points from another chatter! Watch out, though, there's only a 1/3 chance you will successfully steal. If you don't, you lose points... Example: !rob KurookamiTV Alias: !steal - fun
shush - Redeeming 2500 points, the streamer cannot speak for the next 5 minutes! - redeem
endwith - Redeeming 300 of the user's points, the streamer has to end the stream or current osu! session with the specified map. - redeem
invert - For 250 points, you can make the streamer turn their camera upside-down for 10 minutes. - redeem
zoom - Make the streamer zoom in their camera for 10 minutes for 500 points! - redeem
memecam - Redeeming 500 of the user's points, the streamer has to turn on an effect / filter over their camera for the next 10 minutes. - redeem
gift - You can gift points to another user, if you have enough points to do so. '!gift @KurookamiTV 500' will subtract 500 points from the invoker, and add 500 points to KurookamiTV's total. - redeem
gamble - Gamble your points away! You have a 1 in 3 chance of winning. If you do, a 6-sided dice will roll and decide on a multiplier which will calculate how much you win. This can only be used 5 times per stream (per bot run). - redeem
vip - Redeeming 1.000.000 points, you can claim VIP status on the streamer's Twitch channel! The bot will reply with a message saying this is temporary, but the streamer can, of course, decide theirselves whether this is permanent or not. - redeem
